+++
title = "Work Experience"
slug = "projects"
+++

**IT Services Manager | Fernride, Germany | 11/2023 – Present**

Spearheading the migration from a _Microsoft_ to a _Google-based environment_, improving
collaboration and efficiency. Implemented **JumpCloud** for identity and access management, and
oversaw a comprehensive X^MDM^ strategy to secure a diverse range of IT systems. Developed and
automated processes using Python and Bash scripting, streamlining operations and reducing manual
effort. Managed the internal network and Sophos security environment, ensuring robust and secure
operations. Deployed and managed infrastructure monitoring with Prometheus and Grafana, providing
real-time performance insights. Established a centralized log management system using Graylog to
enhance security, compliance, and troubleshooting capabilities. Drove continuous integration and
deployment (CI/CD) initiatives with Jenkins, leading to increased system reliability and faster
deployments. Enhanced automation across on-prem workstations and AWS EC2 instances using Ansible,
ensuring consistency and scalability. Leveraged Terraform to manage Infrastructure as Code (IaC) for
seamless site-to-site (S2S) connections between AWS and Azure, promoting infrastructure consistency
and scalability.

---

**Sr System Engineer | Voith, Germany | 06/2022 – 11/2023**

Managed and administered global Citrix applications and HPE Synergy environments, including OneView,
to ensure high-performance and streamlined operations for international teams.

Oversaw SCCM installations and Hyper-V deployments across the EMEA region, improving system
stability and security.

Administered IBM storage, Commvault backup software, and the SAN infrastructure for the EMEA region,
guaranteeing data integrity and availability.

Authored PowerShell and Bash scripts to automate critical processes, enhancing team efficiency and
system reliability.

Collaborated with the Lv3 database team and provided project support for Latin American projects,
leveraging Azure DevOps for new initiatives.

VDI Engineer | Milestone/Pinterest, US | 09/2021 – 06/2022

Led the deployment of global VDI systems, providing a secure and highly available platform for
external partners.

Delivered exceptional, concierge-level support to partners, ensuring a seamless and efficient user
experience.

Created CI/CD scripts with Chef and Jenkins to automate tasks, significantly increasing team
efficiency.

Managed Nutanix services and accounts globally, aligning with regional teams in APAC and EMEA to
optimize service delivery.

Developed and executed deployment plans for Terraform on AWS, managing VPCs to maintain a secure and
scalable cloud infrastructure.

Sr System Administrator | Voith, Brazil | 02/2020 – 10/2021

Implemented PRTG to monitor over 2,000 devices, providing critical insights into network
performance.

Managed Citrix and VDI infrastructure, both on-prem and in the cloud, to ensure uninterrupted
service for Latin America.

Standardized SCCM and Hyper-V installations across the Latin America region, improving consistency
and manageability.

Managed 3PAR storage, Commvault backup, and StoreOnce storage, safeguarding critical data.

Leveraged PowerShell, Bash, YAML, and Terraform for automation and infrastructure as code, enhancing
efficiency and consistency.

Pioneered a backup migration to AWS S3 and conducted studies for a wider cloud migration to Azure.
